changelog for 0.11.0 (#383)
Anaconda-Platform/anaconda-project: docs/source/user-guide/tasks/work-with-packages.rst

Then run ``anaconda-project prepare`` to install the new packages into the environment.

****************
Package Channels
****************

.. note::

  *Breaking Change in version 0.11.0*. All channels you wish to search through for packages must be supplied on the CLI

>   or in the project YAML file.  Anaconda Project will not respect channels declared in your ``.condarc`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or in the project YAML file.  To support reproducible projects that build the same way for different users, Anaconda Project will not respect channels declared in your ``.condarc`` file.
```

> Up till now we have not instructed Conda to install packages from specific channels so all packages are installed from
> the Conda default channels because a specific channel was not requested with ``anaconda-project add-packages`` and
> because there is no ``channels:`` key in the ``anaconda-project.yml`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Up till now we have not instructed Conda to install packages from specific channels, so all packages are installed from
the Conda default channels. The default channels
will be used if there is no specific channel requested with ``anaconda-project add-packages`` and
no ``channels:`` key in the ``anaconda-project.yml`` file, as in this example:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

  name: ExampleProject

  packages:
    - python=3.8
    - notebook
    - pandas
    - pip:
      - requests
  
  env_specs:
    default: {}

To install packages from one or more channels use the ``-c <channel-name>`` flag, just like
``conda install``. To specify multiple channels add more ``-c <channel-name>`` flags. The order

> in which the flags appear is the order that Conda will check for available packages. Optionally,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in which the flags appear is the order that Conda will check for available packages. Equivalently,
```
